We're going to create a personal product portfolio website for me. At first I'm just going to go through all the details. Please don't code anything yet. Just understand, give me suggestions, give me confirmation if you understood everything. And then in a later phase we're going to move on to actually coding. So the website, there's a couple of things. I really like the aesthetics of Linears website, the project management tool or issue tracker. So please do something similar design wise. It's very black, it's very aesthetically looking and it has a premium feeling. So as for the website, it will be a single page website with the menu. I imagine it should be like a scrolling menu. So for example if I click on the case studies menu item then I should be scrolled down to the case studies section on that single page. So I'm going to tell you now the sections and then I'm going to be deep diving in the sections. So the first section is the header. It's where the menu items are. Intro services, case studies, references, contact and I'd also like to add the tools menu item or funky tools which should redirect to my other replete app which is LanchVote. I'll set you up with the link later. So under the menu there should be a hero area with some kind of nice imagery and this, I like this quotation, I translate user pain into business gain. That's it. It's like funky. It's product management stuff. Yeah, it should be good. Under that there should be a contact button. Under this hero area there should be a short intro about me with an image with some text. The whole thing should not be longer than a regular MacBook Air's fold. So less hate than the complete screen. Less or the same. Besides this intro there's services. Here I'll propose two actions for two cards for the visitor. Basically one will be hire me as a consultant and the other is hire me as your senior product manager and the contact button again moving to the next section which should be case studies. Case studies will be like little cards. I know all together there will be probably around 10 cards or 12. I'll start with 8 but roughly that's the number and these cards they will have some information on them. This will be projects that I had previously at my workplaces and I had success. These cards will show these most important numbers like revenue increase and problem, success, team, things like that. If you click on them there will be a longer version of them where there's more information, more context. This longer version should be in a model. So click on the card, boom some animation and there's more context. You can close it or go to the next case study with some arrows. Basically that's how I imagine this. Next one will be peer references where I asked some of my former colleagues and from collaborations to write me peer reviews and they all agreed to be displayed on my website with their image, LinkedIn image, name and title and also the review that they gave me. So that should be another section. At the bottom again a contact section, pretty plain contact section with email address, name and message and hit a send button and at the bottom there should be the footer. So this is the UI of the website. What I want additionally is linking Mixpanel into it, so integrating Mixpanel. More on that later. Linking as I mentioned, LunchVote, my other replete application, linking my LinkedIn profile and also linking my call-handle. So that's it. Let me know if you have any questions. If not, just confirm and I'll tell you how to move forward.